Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
Sorry to have kept you waiting. But Shri Mataji has come from London and
unfortunately the London Davi trains were delayed and
She should be within a few minutes. I
would like to say a few words about
sahaja, yoga and
also about Shri Mataji
Now
Yoga as many of you may know means Union
Itself individual spirit with the universal self with a collective whole or with the divine and
sahaja means
spontaneous
so sahaja, Europe is a spontaneous union of the individual spirit with the universal collective whole
This may sound fantastic to those of you who know that traditionally in yoga achieve yoga
One had to go
to a guru or genuine teacher and
Said that masters feet for many many years
One had to have great self-discipline one absolute follow rigorous diets and follow various exercises
Oh
These many years
at the feet of a guru or teacher
Who not only gives you this yoga?
in a very short time span
spontaneously without any effort on your part
She also awakens within you
your own part where by itself
Can give realization to others
Now this is something that is totally unique. And if you know the tradition of yoga and the way I approach the teacher
Then he will know that before us. It's a very special teacher and
In fact in India many great Saints every noise
Shri. Mataji
Personality who would bring the Maha yoga
To this world the great yoga the yoga that is the culmination of human evolution. That is yoga of all yoga's
Taught throughout the ages and to try and describe the passage. It's very difficult
you have to actually experience her and the way I like to explain it is that if you have a telescope and
It is a dirty to scope and I tell you they are ring on the planet Saturn and its
dirty telescope won't anything and you'll say I'm like
but if I taught you a technique I buy painless go gradually at both ends and
one day when this telescope is clean, you will see the rings around Saturn annuals BR and
Similarly is pooja yoga
Because most of us are not sensitive enough they spent the whole lifetime or half a lifetime
damaging ourselves in various ways being conditioned by society
parents and so on we have lost one genuine and where they are you can perceive a spiritually evolved B and
inside yoga techniques are taught whereby you
Android spirit she's a tremendous enjoyable thing and
spread this to others
Now, I know you all would like very much
And I would request that
You listen to her with an open mind
Try be a scientist because scientists supposed to be the thing
okay, now scientists never goes in skeptically he goes in with an opening and is
See what there is
Listen to there is to say and let to experiment because Saji okay is practical
You can experiment with it and you prove it to yourselves
it is not theoretical you have come here tonight to actually get an experience not to just hear words and
Shri Mataji is the one who can give you the experience. I
Welcome Shri Mataji to Darlene. We are greatly honored to have her and
Shri Mataji will now give us all her words
Those of us who haven't had it we will get our realization tonight if we desire it sufficiently remarketing I
Bow to all the seekers of truth
It's a great pleasure come to Dobby and I must
Extend my apologies
Getting late as a train was late from London
We are here today
To know about what we are about
We are going to be
All these questions
Relate to the unknown
knowledge of our roots
What rapport from any other memory
Is the knowledge of the tree
This is knowledge of the roots
Which
Nourishes us
Which gives a growth
Which gives a desire
Which
Works out all our actions physical and mental
The problem is and we are dealing with the
Speed as in the West
We seldom forget that that
Has to be related
the growth of the root
When in the West the tree was growing so fast
Yeah people
Understanding trying to meditate about the roots
As
The East has to learn scientific ways from the West
The Western people have to learn about the root
think that
Something is correct
The roots have no meaning
without
The tree and tree has existence without the roots
Whether you are born in the east west north south
All of us have got a human body and
Human body is a very special thing. But God Almighty has given us it's a miraculous thing
of course these days all the intellectuals are trying to
challenge the radicals
Even need to quit poly outside. It's a very miraculous thing
We take everything and in a way is good
then if you had not taken it for granted, we would have a very different type of
Laws
That govern us
Are the divine laws
Led wineyards
One has to enter into the kingdom of God
it's a prophetic imaginary when people talk of
Or not is really think of
It is not that can decide about it only by discussing it arguing it the television
person, who are
And when they argue can see clearly that they cannot conceal what lives he says
This is my faith. Another says this is my
The faith is blind and the reasoning is stunted
Because we reason out everything through this brain, which is a limited
as it is one tenth of the brain we can use mostly the same, but you
Think
If you have to talk about something
unlimited
then we have boom beyond reasoning we don't blind faith and we have to experience it on our
central nervous
system
All our evolution that's taken place so far
has be
in the central and still recorded like you see that dog cannot
Anything pass through any dirty?
table to cross
So many things we are aware
So ways we are aware that
But still
Why the human being are in such a confusion in?
These modern times you find the certificate
All sorts of ideas are coming up about
health education
of politics economics
God-realization
all sorts of markets re
and
one gets so confused that
One does not know how to believe
in to visit
What we have to understand that
Have to believe in things which can be proved. Now. The time has come
At
Why it's